---
title: You can affect the outcome
layout: main
---

## {{ page.title }}

Jan,

We just found out that Barack Obama and his liberal allies raised $1 billion -- the first time a political campaign has hit that mark.

They will use this money to blanket battleground states with negative ads. The President's billion-dollar machine has resorted to petty attacks and empty rhetoric, because they have no agenda for a second term.

We cannot allow his billion-dollar machine to win -- and we can't allow them to continue to lie about and distort my record and plan. Paul Ryan and I have bold ideas and a strong agenda to get America working again.

http://www.mittromney.com/donate/romney-ryan/?sc=INTCDWN072
We will get this country back on track -- and we need your help to push back against the Obama machine and to promote our agenda.

I am proud that in September alone, we raised $43.15 million from 1,011,773 donations under $250 -- that's 93.1% of all donations from across the country. Your donation today directly supports our game-changing ground operations.

We've prepared for this moment by building a record-breaking ground game run with over 119,000 devoted volunteers. We've made nearly 45 million voter contacts and crossed the 9 million doors knocked threshold -- that's incredible.

But our grassroots operation must have the resources it needs to compete with the President's billion-dollar machine.

http://www.mittromney.com/donate/romney-ryan/?sc=INTCDWN072
Act now -- contribute to build up our ground game, so Paul Ryan and I, and the Republican team, can deliver a real recovery.

This race is close -- and you can directly affect the outcome.

Thanks,

Mitt Romney
