---
title: Your RNC phone pledge
layout: main
---

## {{ page.title }}

Dear Mr. and Mrs. REDACTED:
 
Thank you for speaking with my assistant by telephone recently and for joining the RNC as a full-fledged member for the 2012 presidential election year with a generous pledge of $35.00. I am grateful for your support.
 
We need to make Barack Obama a one-term president. Our country can't afford any more of his radical redistribution and entitlement schemes. This far, the hallmarks of his presidency—ballooning entitlements, punishing tax policies, crushing deficit spending—are sadly predictable products of liberal arrogance and ineptitude. 
 
Activating your RNC membership may be the single-most important political donation you will make in 2012. Being our Party's official headquarters, the RNC is charged with raising and spending the most to elect a Republican to the White House, win back the Senate, defend our House majority and elect Republican candidates from coast to coast. We depend entirely on voluntary support from dedicated members like you.
 
Please watch your mail for my letter confirming your pledge. When you receive it, please respond without delay. I've included a postage-paid reply envelope for you to return your membership contribution to Republican Headquarters.
 
You may make your donation immediately by credit card by visiting our secure Web site, https://victory12.gop.com/phonepledge12/phonepledge12.htm. Your contribution will make an impact right away, and save fundraising and administrative costs. You'll receive an immediate confirmation of your donation. Then you may discard the letter you'll receive, or keep the reply card and envelope to make a future contribution to support the RNC.
 
Mr. and Mrs. REDACTED, It's your kind of help we'll need to defeat one of the most shrewd and disciplined political machines in our country's history. We need you to be a part of this campaign. Click here https://victory12.gop.com/phonepledge12/phonepledge12.htm to donate online now. 
 
I look forward to hearing from you. Thank you again.
 
Sincerely,
 
Reince Priebus
RNC Chairman